Public Television several months ago
with a group of black professionals
mostly psychologists and doctors they
invited me to appear today to provide
information that they thought might be
that I might be able to help for this
forum today with their research I
appeared in Washington in February
before the International Relations
Committee and made some statements in
charged the documentation which resulted
in the formulations because Foreign
Affairs Committee or international
relations committee before they call it
today they voted to ask the house of
activity intelligence to investigate my
charges and they are currently
investigating those charges defense by
the House Select Committee on
Intelligence tell us what the charges
are how the charge is basically upon my
to
CIA contact with both the bernam
government there and with the People's
Temple that originally it was my belief
that time I went to Washington at the
purpose of our involvement there was to
support the government of Burnham for at
commercial reasons and they used the
People's Temple all of his enforcers to
help support an unpopular government
there to keep control the government
Guyana the we knew that the there's been
an article in the San Mateo Times in
December of 79 which indicated that the
deputy chief of mission there Richard
Dwyer was in fact the CIA station chief
he was the one that went to Jonestown
with feyo's party and he claimed to be
slightly wounded Brett there's a tape
made the time of the murders and
suicides there but Jones the yelling
gets the wire auditor get the wire out
of here and the indications are that
with Dwyer went back to the Jones held
after Lee was murdered was there at the
time and there's great question sets who
shot Jim Jones and why whether Jones was
shot to shut him up the question also as
to how all these people died and just
when they died which is all documented
here but then I came back from
Washington because of my testimony I
started getting documentation from my
Berkeley psychologist called the penal
colony here and from the Alliance for
preservation religious liberty in
Washington which indicated other things
wrong which was that George Philip
Blakey
where they top Jones aid he was the man
who arranged the purchase or the release
of the land in Guyana provided the money
arranged the least on their 1974 he also
has tracked now as being a CI aged
operative in Angola in 1975 with you
Nina
he's also he's also the same guy who was
a top aide who arranged all this
purchase in the finances is also the
husband of deprivation Blakey who fled
Jonestown and made those charges he's a
brother-in-law
Larry Layton who was killed was
acquitted yesterday and since we take a
note the president saw Times Tribune
says yesterday the jury has cleared
acquitting like the jury appeared with
agreed with the defense contention that
Layton was brainwashed and drugged at
the time of the shootings could not be
held criminally responsible but the gist
of what I'm getting to is this I've
received a lot of documentation which
ever valued here today it indicates the
falsity strong possibility that Jones 10
of the People's Temple was in reality a
mass mind-control experiment conducted
by the CIA as a follow-up to something
called MKULTRA which they conducted from
the early 50s through 1974 they used to
use the VA hospital and state hospitals
they use the Federal State Penitentiary
for their experiments do you think that
Jim Jones was actively involved the CIA
I do now you have any conclusions as to
how the people died in Jonestown yes I
have
part of our documentation here is a
report from which is attached here the
chief medical examiner in Guyana is a
doctor let's be moot oh he reported and
this is attached here his opinion that
more than 700 of those bodies found at
Jonestown were not suicide victims but
were murdered
they have repeat based this on the
injection marks in the upper arm page
four of my my statement here
by injection like that yes and by and by
and by uh gunfire there are a lot more
people killed by gun father they've ever
admitted so far we have heard reports
that there is there are 50 of them 50
men with guns ringing around there if
the people couldn't get out there very
few of them did get out so it darkens
according to the chief medical officer
in Guyana most of people down there were
murdered rather than suicide it's
depressing
are you implying the CIA was active in
suppression
yes I'm suggesting to you that a lot of
things that don't make sense here I'm
suggesting that a long delay in anyone
getting into the press getting in there
are very many people all getting in
there for several days was caused by a
deliberate attempt to manufacture the
story which has now been accepted and
sold accentuated American people and
what is that story do you think the
people are falsely accepting that in
effect this was a large group of
disillusioned or
of
disoriented black people who went down
to Guyana and who turned her back to
this country and committed suicide and
we might as well get rid of them and
that was it's they're an aberration type
of thing I think that's the story it's
been peddled when you see the
documentation here you'll begin to
wonder yourselves why the refers reports
of 350 people died or 400 people died
and for several days that was reported
many started finding more bodies when
the first reports for the 500-foot
Indian jungle
the people examine the body it's the
first time encountered them counted them
by name by not the likes of people men
women and children turn them over then a
few days later they claim to have found
two or three stacks of bodies underneath
those you know it says that this bothers
the mind the stories that were passed
out that they apparently have gotten
away with I think with one of the
greatest fabrications of a recent years
what significance do you attach to the
fact that the leadership of the temple
was largely white and the membership of
the temple was largely black I mentioned
that in here I think that that's part
and parcel whole thing I think that this
is what caused me very suspicious about
this whole experiment but this whole but
there's a possibilities here the Academy
was always and yet we think of Jonestown
as a bunch of black people who were
committed suicide without mentioned that
white Kadri and that doesn't quite add
up that to get sad to go racist
overtones of the whole thing what kind
of racist overtones what are you exactly
alleging alleging that the immediate
picture was printed that painted rather
and then brought a mountain print and so
on was that you have to worry about
these people because they look crazy
they'll do anything there's not like us
it's my impression this time but they
were conducting some sort of
mind-control experiments for example
they had a very modern hospital under
which they bragged about so modern that
net population they had medical
check-ups were app for everyone every
day but there's no need for that unless
you're conducting experiments where you
have in control group so you're giving
people better gave them their they're
getting their vitamins every day and
it's my guess that they were just using
them as guinea pigs to see what they
could do under isolated circumstances
they take them off into a jungle
someplace far away from everybody they
get them there somehow they're able to
see how these various drugs work on
different fruit
you